You said that King Jin cooperated with this item
Is there any fraud?
King Jin's mansion was raided
King of Jin alms are just around the corner
Offer cooperation at this time
It's just lingering
Fair enough.
However, King Jing's ambitions cannot be ignored.
Let King Jin contact Walker and Beiyuan
Let them go to the border
Make a posture to attack the big fish
Prime Minister
Will this make it bigger?
Humph
Seiji takes control 300,000 Jingwei
We want to force the palace
I want to move the city well from the capital
tune
Yes
Your Majesty
Report from the border
The Northern Border of Chen Bing in Russia and the Northern Yuan
Meet the big fish that invaded me in the south
You lost his nest bone
I didn't send the queen to be a vacant girl for me
How dare you send troops to attack my uncle?
That's outrageous.
Uh your majesty
The border is in a hurry
The army should be dispatched immediately
Then quickly withdraw the troops, horses and grain and send them to Beijing
Ah, Your Majesty, the defenders everywhere are busy suppressing bandits now
The only soldiers and horses available to the imperial court are the 300,000 of the capital
Jingwei is in Jingwei
Send to Beijing
Your Majesty's Report
The duty of the Jingwei is to safeguard the safety of the capital
Bei Yuan and the nest dog were beaten down, and the big fish were gone
What more capital do you want?
The army needs food and grass
Now the treasury is empty
I'm afraid it's hard to support
How is the prime minister?